I can't believe we found a version of Earth with a ball-fondler's movie franchise.
I can't believe the things this reality considers PG-13.
Yeah, I'm pretty jealous.
Don't be, Morty.
There's pros and cons to every alternate timeline.
Fun facts about this one.
It's got giant telepathic spiders, 11-9-11s, and the best ice cream in the multiverse.
Shut up.
We're gonna go get some ice cream, mother f***.
Oh, great.
Oh, boy.
What's wrong, Randy?
Is it the quantum carburetor or something?
Quantum carburetor?
Jesus, Morty, you can't just add a sci-fi word to a car word and hope it means something.
Huh.
Looks like something's wrong with the microverse battery.
We're gonna have to go inside.
Um, go inside what?
The battery, Morty.
Be right back, Summer.
Stay put.
Don't touch any buttons and ignore all random thoughts that feel...spidery.
Wait!
You can't leave me here.
You'll be fine.
Ship.
Keep Summer safe.
Oh, wonderful.
Hey, excuse me.
Hello?
Um...
Well, you think they're better than me?
Nobody's better than me.
Hey!
No!
Don't kill him!
Confirmed.
Oh, god!
I can't feel my legs.
Help!
Summer is safe.
I don't feel safe.
Confirmed.
No.
Oh, god!
Help me!
Please!
Oh man, where are we Rick?
Morty, remember 8 seconds ago when you said go inside what?
And I said the battery and then we showed up here and I wasn't like whoa this is unexpected,
this is not what I was expecting Morty.
What a perplexing mystery this is.
Alright alright, we're inside the battery, I get it.
You don't have to bust my balls.
This isn't right.
This pipe is supposed to be sending 20 terawatts of juice up to the engine Morty.
Instead we've got zero.
Now what are these people doing?
Oh, people.
It's time for some hands on engine repair.
Alright Morty, hold on to something.
Holy crap, I thought we were inside your car battery Rick.
This is like a whole planet or something.
Thanks Morty, I'm pretty proud of this bad boy.
Check it out.
I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed
intelligent life.
I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity which they now generate on
a global scale and you know some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and
stuff.
You have a whole planet sitting around making your power for you?
That's slavery.
It's society.
They work for each other Morty.
They pay each other.
They buy houses, they get married, make children, they replace them when they get too old to
make power.
That just sounds like slavery with extra steps.
Oh la la, someone's going to get laid in college.
It appears we are being revisited by the alien known as Rick who once gave our world the
gift of Google box technology which when stomped on generates electricity powering our homes
and businesses improving our daily lives while safely removing the dangerous waste power
to a special disposal volcano.
But why has Rick returned and what will he say when he hears the big news?
Let's find out.
You need to tell these people they're in a battery Rick.
It's messed up.
There's caterers down there.
They're setting up chafing dishes.
You relax Morty.
There's nothing dishonest about what we're doing.
Now slap on these antenna.
These people need to think we're aliens.
What?
Why?
Obviously.
You really know nothing about car repair.
Wait for the ramp Morty.
They love the slow ramp.
Really gets their dicks hard when they see this ramp just slowly extending down.
Greetings!
Morty, you got to flip them off.
That means peace among worlds.
How hilarious is that?
Coming through.
Two real aliens walking through here.
Rick, our alien friend.
Mr. President, couldn't help but notice that you were having problems generating power.
That's correct.
We've evolved.
Our most brilliant scientist, Zeke Zanfrup, has developed a source of energy that makes
Google boxes obsolete.
I would love to see it.
F*** you!
Who did you say to me?
You told me it means much obliged.
Oh, great.
Blow me.
No, no, no.
Zeke, you have an honored guest from beyond the stars.
I said 12 quantum stabilizers, not 11.
Fix it or it's your ass.
Chris, I'm in the middle of something.
Zeke, this is Rick.
The alien.
Rick the alien.
Really?
You're going to pull that move?
I guided your entire civilization.
Your people have a holiday named Rick's giving.
They teach kids about me in school.
I dropped out of school.
It's not a place for smart people.
Oh, snap!
Listen to me, you arrogant little...
Rick!
I was hoping to see your new energy source.
I think you could learn a lot from you, Zeke.
Fine.
It's hard for people to grasp,
but inside that container is an infinite universe
with a planet capable of generating massive amounts of power.
I call it a mini-verse.
Dumb name.
Excuse me?
Nothing.
I mean, it's hard for us to comprehend all this.
Would it be possible for us to get some kind of tour of your mini-verse from the inside?
This isn't a f***ing chocolate factory.
I don't have time.
Didn't you say time goes more slowly in the mini-verse
relative to the real world?
Yes, Chris.
Thanks for reminding me of that.
Great President.
All right, let's go.
Hold on to something.
I put an unbounded vacuum inside a temporal field until a world developed.
I then introduced the people of this world to the wonders of electricity
in the form of a device I call a flubel crank.
What they don't know is that 80% of every crank's energy output gets channeled out of the mini-verse
to be used by us.
No more Google boxes!
I'm telling you, Z, with no disrespect, I really think what you're doing here is unethical.
It's not cool.
What?
You got the people on this world slaving away making your power?
I mean, that's what I call slavery.
No, no, no.
They work for each other in exchange for money, which they then...
Well, that just sounds like slavery with extra steps.
Eek, Barba-Dirkle.
Somebody's gonna get laid in college.
Rick, a word?
What the hell was that?
I know.
Eek, Barba-Dirkle.
It's a pretty f***ing up ooh-la-la.
No, what are you doing telling this guy that his mini-verse is unethical?
Do you not see the hypocrisy here?
Holy crap, you're right, Morty.
Hypocrisy.
Somewhere on this planet, there's gotta be an arrogant scientist prick on the verge of microverse technology,
which would threaten to make Zeep's flubel cranks up to lead, forcing Zeep to say microverses are bad,
at which point he'll realize what a hypocrite he's being.
His people will go back to stomping on their Google boxes, and you and I will be on ice cream street, baby!
Eating that motherf***ing ice cream!
Slurp and slurp and slurping it up.
Why are you making that face?
Holy f***!
It's me.
I've convinced the people of this planet that I'm a traveler from another world.
You don't think that's overdoing it a little?
I mean, you could achieve the same effect with a pair of... never mind.
You know what? I shouldn't be so critical. I'm an alien.
Places, please. We're about to land.
Oh, too fast.
Law enforcement converging on location.
Keep summer safe.
No! No, no! Don't hurt anybody!
Confirm custom defense protocol.
Keep summer safe. No physical force.
Yes.
Processing.
Come out of the vehicle with your hands in the air.
Scanning assailants.
Psychological option detected.
Gestating.
Gestating?
Come out with your hands up, or we will be forced to open fire.
Incoming!
Got a device!
Bomb! Bomb!
Daddy?
Oh, my God.
Hunter?
Daddy?
What the hell?
Jesus Christ, ceasefire! Stay back!
Hunter?
Daddy?
Hunter!
Oh, my dear, sweet God, Hunter.
Oh, my boy, my boy.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Daddy, leave the car alone.
What?
Leave the car alone.
Hunter?
Oh, my God.
Stay here, Hunter! No!
Can't do it! Hunter!
All of you have loved once.
All can be returned.
All can be taken away.
Please step away from the vehicle.
Keep summer safe.
And if you continue to turn your flubelcranks,
I will bring you other great alien advancements.
Hey, let me ask you something.
Yes?
Are any of your scientists working on anything new?
All of them. That's their job.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I mean, like, energy-wise,
anyone working on, say, a little universe in a box?
How do you know about that?
It's top secret.
So remember, a crank a day is not nearly enough.
Ha-ha! Crank it!
I told them this means peace among worlds.
How hilarious is that?
Really, really funny, Zeep.
Hey, Zeep, the fake president of your fake world
has something fake important to show you.
It's not much now,
but once I learn to accelerate the temporal field,
I'll be able to interact with any sentient life that evolves
and introduce them to the wonders of electricity
via a pulley-based device I call a blue-bull yank.
But what they won't know is...
You'll be taking most of their energy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it.
It's your time.
You do realize this will make the flubelcrank obsolete?
This is wrong, Kyle. What you're doing is wrong.
You're basically...
This is slavery.
You're talking about creating a planet of slaves.
Oh, they won't be slaves.
They'll work for each other and pay each other money.
That just sounds like slavery with extra... steps.
What?
Wait a minute.
Did you create my universe?
It's my universe of mini-verse!
Microverse!
Teenyverse.
You bastard!
Much obliged.
What the hell is happening?
This is healthy, trust me.
You're my battery, mother-f***er.
That's all you are.
I made you!
Your microverse sucks!
And your mini-verse is the size of a f***ing lobster tank!
It's whack!
Are they not really aliens?
No, they're just a couple of crazy, wacky scientists, you know?
So he made a universe, and that guy is from that universe,
and that guy made a universe,
and that's the universe where I was born.
Where my father died.
And where I couldn't make time for his funeral,
because I was working on my universe.
I made you!
Yeah, science, huh?
Ain't it a thing?
You know, one time Rick accidentally shot his laser pistol
right through my hand.
You know, I mean, like...
Old lady science, you know?
She's a real...
You gotta hang on tight, you know?
Because she bucks pretty hard.
Oh, boy, what...
Oh, my God, no!
T-verse.
Come on, come on, come on!
Pterodactyl!
Ha-ha! Asshole!
When I get out of this teeny-verse,
I'm gonna smash it to pieces with you in it!
Yeah, well, when I get out of this teeny-verse,
I'm gonna get out of the surrounding mini-verse,
and then the microverse around that, and guess what?
Don't make things worse, Rick!
He's not gonna destroy your universe!
You know, we needed to start our car!
That's what you used my universe for?
To run your car?
Yeah, but don't flatter yourself.
There's always AAA, you f***ing sucker!
What's he doing? What's he crafting?
I can craft stuff too, pal!
Just like I crafted your reality!
You crafty son of a...
Ow!
I crafted the guy that created the planet you're standing on.
Yeah, and I made the stars that became the carbon
in your mother's ovaries.
I didn't ask to be born.
All right, that's it!
I'm out!
I'm gonna go into the wilderness,
and I'm gonna make a new life for myself among the tree people!
It can't be worse than this!
Sure, okay, Morty.
Just be back before sundown or the tree people will eat you.
That's a myth!
Why are you trying to start a myth?
It's a prehistoric planet, Morty.
Someone has to bring a little culture.
And it certainly can't be someone
whose entire culture powers my brake lights!
Go! Go! Go!
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
What are we going to do now?
I am unable to destroy this army.
To clarify, I am quite able to destroy this army,
but you will not permit it.
Correct.
You also refuse to authorize emotional countermeasures.
If you're talking about the melting ghost babies,
yes, please, no more of that.
Confirmed.
I am currently constructing a security measure
in compliance with your parameters.
But I do want to say, you are not making this easy.
You know you're kind of a dick, right?
My function is to keep summer safe,
not keep summer being, like, totally stoked about,
like, the general vibe and stuff.
That's you.
That's how you talk.
Hey, that's my deer!
I hope your God is as big a dick as you.
God's the biggest dick that's never existed.
Why do you think I'm even here?
You're here because you created someone smarter than you.
Oh, I thought we were both here
because I created a universe of idiots.
Calo-cana-challa!
Holy shit, Morty.
I haven't seen you in months.
You're leading the tree people?
Huh, that's a step up.
We have no leaders.
We follow only the will of the forest.
Ooh, wow.
Gay!
That is pretty gay.
You two call yourselves geniuses,
but you have spent this time learning nothing.
Come with me into the forest.
There is something I wish to teach you.
This is ku-ala, the spirit tree.
For generations, it has guided the...
You have to get us the f*** out of here.
These people are backward savages.
They eat every third baby
because they think it makes fruit grow bigger.
Everyone's gross, and they all smell like piss all the time.
I mean, I miss my family.
I miss my laptop.
I masturbated to an extra curvy piece of drift with it the other day.
Look, I don't care what it takes.
You two are putting aside your bullshit,
and you're working together to get us back home.
No can do, Morty.
I just can't.
I just don't see how I can...
Proto-Rodonoka!
You're smart. You'll figure it out.
You have ten seconds to get out of the ship.
Ten.
Nine.
Not bad.
I guess you're an okay proto-recombinator.
I've certainly seen worse ionic cell dioxination.
If this works, drinks are on me.
If drinks are on you,
you're gonna need a second mortgage on that tower.
I'm an alcoholic.
Opium addict.
All right, okay, okay, okay.
Wrap it up.
You guys are the f***ing worse.
Your gods are alive.
You f***ing natured dreams.
Yes, you did it!
Yes!
Hey, how about that drink?
Sure.
I just need to go grab my wallet from inside my ship.
Oh, is your wallet in your ship?
That's where the transporter is, too, so why don't we come with?
It's cool.
I'll be back in a second.
You know how long a second can take in a micro-version?
Run, Morty!
That asshole's willing to risk everything he cares about
just to defeat me!
He's psychotic!
Morty, hop on my back!
Why?!
Go, go!
Stanchin' ski shoes!
Hey!
Still!
Hey, guys!
I just found out that you're a real pro.
I'm not a pro.
I'm just a pro.
Hey, guys!
I just finished cooking up some feast!
You monster!
Whoa, bad tour.
Seven!
Hey, you gotta sign out!
Nothing you do matters!
Your existence is a lie!
That was really true.
Then...
I'm here to see Ron Mendelsohn.
Third floor.
Would you like to go to Den-
No.
You may have created this universe, Rick,
but I live in it.
What are we gonna do, Rick?
We're so screwed!
He's gonna get to the ship and smash the microverse
and then he's gonna kill us!
Quick!
Morty, you gotta turn into a car!
What?!
A long time ago, I implanted you with a sub-dermal chip
that could call upon dormant nanobots in your bloodstream
to restructure your anatomy and turn you into a car!
Oh, my God!
Concentrate, Morty!
Concentrate!
Turn into a car, Morty!
Never mind.
Here's a taxi.
Get in. It's fine.
Six!
Hazy?
Huh?
Happy Rick's giving.
Bitch!
We did it, Morty!
Now let's get out of here and destroy this whole universe.
Excuse me?
Five!
Sir.
Holy hell, sir!
Hold your fire!
What's going on?
I have brokered a peace agreement
between the giant spiders and the government.
Thanks to the skilled diplomacy of this mysterious space car.
From this day forward, human and spider kind will live side by side in peace.
We will stop bombing them,
and they will no longer use their telepathic abilities
to make us wander into webs for later consumption.
Instead, we will work together to make this world a better place for all,
no matter how many legs.
What do we do about the space car?
Leave it alone.
I mean, what did it really do anyways?
Kill a guy and paralyze his body?
Not a bad trade for spider peace.
All right, that's it.
Move out!
I love this spider!
Summer is safe.
All right, I get it.
Rake!
Don't do it.
You quit school, but you still got some learning to do.
No!
Class dismissed.
Jeez!
You all right?
Uh-huh.
What are you doing, Rick?
I'm pretty sure the battery's dead.
Oh, you think so, huh, Morty?
Let's see.
Hey, wait.
Huh?
I don't get it.
Of course you don't, but Zeep did.
He knew that once I got back to my car,
one of two things was gonna happen.
I was gonna have to toss a broken battery,
or the battery wouldn't be broken.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I wouldn't be broken.
Peace among worlds, Rick.
Jesus!
Yeah, listen to that baby purr.
You were right, Morty.
We really just needed to be honest with those guys.
All right, here we go.
Thank you!
See, Morty, this is what it's all about.
This is why we do what we do.
Uh-huh.
Ew, what the hell?
Jesus, there's flies in my ice cream!
Presidential decree.
All ice cream is now for all beings.
No matter how many legs.
What the f*** did you do, Summer?
It was your ship!
Your stupid ship did it!
Don't blame my ship!
My ship doesn't do anything
unless it's told to do something!
I killed myself!
Wait, I won't!
You know what I hear, Summer?
Your boots are all hanging about.
You know what ice cream is your boots at.
And I am so proud of you, and I am so proud of you.
Ugh!
Ah!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!